State Variables
===============
- Desirability of exploration
- State of nuke
- Desirability of clumping
- Vulnerability/Desirability of Defense
- Desirability of upgrades
- Desirability of attacking/capturing

Moving
------

Global state/computations in HQ with 70x70 grid, units have local
representation of global grid at a smaller scale AND a local, detailed grid.

Flow of Actions
===============

1. Spawn

Modules
--------------

- Navigation
  - Long term movement, moving far away
  - Plans paths to move _only_.
  - _Everything_ movement related.
  - That is, _route planning_.
  - Perhaps _only_ for route planning.
- Communication

The above two are _interfaces_, and are supposed to encapsulate the low-level
planning.

- Goal Setting
  - Destination planning.
  - Action planning ~ what shall we do?
  - This shall plan _destinations_, which passes to navigation.

The goal setting is the main _intelligent_ point of the whole AI---this _is_
the AI. An idea would be that the goal setting module returns and array of
basic commands, in which the robot then executes the series of goals.

Combat then becomes a parameter or variable of the planning functions. This
shall just affect the planning functions.

Think of goal setting as "get next action". Then this shall be called just
about every round. We shall then check a set of conditions, such as current
environment, locations of enemies, etc.

    class Navigation
      -------------------
      -- object variables
      -------------------

      -- soft constraints
      normalSquareCost :: Int = 0
      enemySquareCost :: Int = 6
      mineSquareCost :: Int = 10
      stepOnMines :: Bool = False

      -- path caching
      pathCache :: [Locations]

      -------------------
      -- public functions
      -------------------

      -- Pass in destination, returns a direction
      -- Moves its current move AND returns the direction of next move
      -- May also defuse if mine is in path planned by algorithm
      moveTo :: Destination -> Direction

      -- Setter functions, with normal square normalized to 0
      setMineCost :: Int -> ()
      setAvoidEnemy :: Int -> ()
      setDefuseCost :: Int -> ()
      setStepMine :: Bool -> ()

      -- Perhaps for other structure
      setPath :: [Locations] -> ()


    // Provides easy communication
    class Communication

      -- Each message shall be a 32-bit packet stored in 4 arrays
      --   0    1    2    3
      -- [ | ][   ][   ][   ]
      --
      -- Around half of 0 is a CHECKSUM
      -- Others shall be message

      -- Hopping around a 2500-entry, precomputed array of PRN

      fetchValue :: [Int] -> [Int]
      public globalTransmit
      public globalReceive
      public idTransmit
      public idReceive

    // Establishes goals
    class Planning
      public getDestination


    . + .
    + . +
    . + .
    . . .
    . . .
    x x x <- What shall set goal? Planning?
    x x x

Planning/Combat
---------------

    Goal Known? <---------
        |                 | (move)
    Is there enemy? - no -
        |
        | yes
        |
    Combat mode--Defeat?-

Local Variables
---------------

- Some sort of "state" --- eg. combat state
- Local information



