Strategy Class
==============

The idea is to have a finite state machine that figures out what sort of
strategies/general behaviours we shall have over a game. There shall be some
function on the HQ that calculates the "effectiveness" of a given strategy by
some metric function. Then if it deems that the strategy is doing well, we may
keep going with the current strategy. Otherwise, switch to a more appropriate
strategy.

To effect a strategy on robots, we may make up a set of general behaviours in
which they should follow. The HQ will send orders to follow a specific
behaviour to each Robot via their communications channel. In this way, there
is a localized sense of planning.

Some potential strategies might include:

  1. Turtle-Nuke
  2. Push-mines
  3. Aggressive Rush

and some relevant behaviours might include:

  1. Capture
  2. Swarm
  3. Combat
  4. Scout
  5. Fortify
  6. Jamming

Some notes on the functions:

  - Capture can be overloaded to take a target or just general encampments
    nearby
  - Jamming can be done deviously by replays or simply scanning and flooding.
    Another idea might be to implement some sort of cross-game relpay attack.

Turtle Nuke
-----------

The general strategy of turtle nuke shall be outlined below.

(OPTIONAL) The HQ will find encampments and the bots may scout. At this point,
the bots might also go and construct some encampments based. However, this
sort of encampment capturing might not be worth it in this sort of strategy.

After that initial set up stage, the HQ should begin to research **pickaxe**.
Meanwhile, bots will fortify the nearby area with an effective tiling of
mines.

With this done, a bit of spawning shall be followed by intense research of
the nuke and continual fortification of the HQ. At this point, bots should be
engaged in general fortification behaviour.

At this point, it is up to chance and luck for the effectiveness of the game.

Remarks on Team Memory
----------------------

One thing that might be helpful

Implementational Notes
======================

The idea is to query the personal inbox to check whether or not there is a
behaviour that the robot should take at the time being. Otherwise, we shall
take a `default` behaviour, that is something along the lines of scouting or
something like that.

